[Support] Updates 1xx page (#18729)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/support/troubleshooting/http-status-codes/1xx-informational.mdx

---

> The 1xx Informational status codes serve as interim responses that provide connection status updates without completing the request-response cycle. These codes are not intended for final actions but rather for indicating that the request is being processed or additional steps are required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 1xx Informational status codes serve as interim responses that provide connection status updates without completing the request-response cycle. These codes are not intended for final actions but rather to indicate that the request is being processed or additional steps are required. 
```

The requirements the server must follow when sending 1xx Informational status codes in response to a client's request include:

- Responses must be terminated by the first empty line following the status line.
- 1xx responses are not supported by HTTP/1.0; the origin server should never send a 1xx response to an HTTP/1.0 client.

Cloudflare forwards all 1xx responses from origin servers but does not generate them directly.

## 100 Continue ([RFC7231](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231))

The 100 Continue status indicates that the server has received the request headers and is ready for the client to send the request body.

### Common use cases

Allows clients to verify if the server will accept their request headers before sending a potentially large or unusable request body, optimizing data flow.

> When a client includes the `Expect: 100-continue` header, is requesting a confirmation before sending the request body, prompting the server to respond immediately with either `100 Continue` to proceed or an appropriate status code (for example, 401 Unauthorized or 413 Payload Too Large) if the request is unacceptable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a client includes the `Expect: 100-continue` header, it is requesting a confirmation before sending the request body, prompting the server to respond immediately with either `100 Continue` to proceed or an appropriate status code (for example, `401 Unauthorized` or `413 Payload Too Large`) if the request is unacceptable.
```
